{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - reveal to me more on [konkani](language)\
- would we be able to invest some energy talking about [malayalam](language)\
- Do you know anything about [Telugu](language)\
- Share me some insights about [Assamese](language)\
- I wish to learn more on [Kashmiri](language)\
- Share some info with me on [Kannada](language)\
- Search on [tulu](language)\
- Guide me with some information on [Hindi](language)\
- Assist me with some knowledge about [Marati](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujarati](language)\
- How cool is [german] (language)?\
- Search [english] (language)\
- Tell me something in [hindi] (language)\
- Give me some information on [spanish] (language)\
- Tell me about [french] (language)\
- What is [german] (language) ?\
- I would like to know more about [gujarati] (lanugage)?\
- What's [punjabi] (language)?\
- What is [punjabi] (language)?\
- How cool does [italian] (language)sound?\
- I would like to get more information on [english] (language)\
- Could you please tell me more about [korean] (language)?\
- How's [korean] (language)?\
- Tell me something intersting about [marathi] (language)?\
- Could you fetch me info on [marathi] (language)?\
- Do you know anything about [italian] (language)?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujarati](language)\
- Tell me more about [gujarati](language)\
- Tell me more about [english](english)\
- Tell me more about [mandarin](language)\
- Tell me more about [italian](language)\
- Tell me more about [french](french)\
- Tell me more about [spanish](spanish)\
- Tell me more about [telugu](language)\
- What do you know about [telugu](telugu)\
- What do you know about [mandarin](language)\
- What do you know about [french](language)\
- What do you know about [spanish](language)\
- What do you know about [italian](italian)\
- What do you know about [gujarati](gujarati)\
- Can you help me with [mandarin](mandarin)\
- Can you help me with [telugu](language)\
- Can you help me with [french](language)\
- Can you help me with [spanish](language)\
- Can you help me with [italian](language)\
- Say something about  [italian](language)\
- Say something about  [gujarati](language)\
- Say something about  [spanish](language)\
- Say something about  [mandarin](language)\
- Say something about  [telugu](language)\
- Talk [telugu](language)\
- Talk [mandarin](language)\
- Talk [english](language)\
- Talk [spanish](language)\
- Talk something about  [telugu](language)\
- Talk something about [mandarin](language)\
- Talk something about [english](language)\
- Talk something about [spanish](language)\
- Give me something about [tamil](tamil)\
- Give me something about [italian](language)\
- Give me something about [telugu](language)\
- Give me something about [mandarin](language)\
- I want to know about [mandarin](language)\
- I want to know about [telugu](language)\
- I want to know about [english](language)\
- I want to know about [italian](language)\
- I want info about [dutch](dutch)\
- I want info about [english](language)\
- I want info about [italian](language)\
- I want info about [mandarin](language)\
- what is [kannada](language)\
- can you help with me language [telugu](language)\
- can you tell me about [telugu](language)\
- tell me something about [telugu](language)\
- find me info about [korean](korean)\
- find some info about [telugu](language)\
- find something about [telugu](language)\
- describe [telugu](language)\
- define [telugu](language)\
- Narrate something about [telugu](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please Search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Give me information about [bengali](language)\
- What do you know about [Marathi](language)\
- Get me the information about [Mandarin Chinese](langauge)\
- Tell me about [russian](langauge)\
- Give me details about [english](language)\
- What can you tell about [spanish](language)\
- Say something about [russian](langauge)\
- I would like to know about [french](language)\
- Search for [tulu](langauge)\
- Inform me regarding [Assamese](language)\
- What can you tell me about [Kannada](language)\
- I would like to learn about [bengali](language)\
- What is [gujrati](language)\
- What can I learn about [spanish](language)\
- Brief me about [Marathi](langauge)\
- Describe about [Dogri](language)\
- What information do you have about [Kashmiri](langauge)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Need to know about [sindhi](language)\
- Tell me about [punjabi](language)\
- Can you tell me some information about [punjabi](language)\
- search about [odiya](language) \
- Tell me about [arabic](language) \
- Give me information about [persian](language) \
- Tell me facts about [Portugese](language) \
- say something about [chinese](language)\
- Information about [japanese](language)\
- Inform me about [bengali](language)\
- How about [english](language)\
- search for  [marathi](language)\
- Need information for [turkish](language)\
- Can you write some information about [telugu](language)\
- search for some facts about [telugu](language)\
- reply with some information about [english](language)\
- What are some crazy facts about [english](language)\
- search some info about [english](language)\
- Could you search and inform me about [latin](language)?\
- Hey! Inform me about [latin](language)?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Know more about[sanskrit](language)\
- it belongs too[punjabi](language)\
- How to learn[english](language)\
- How hardest to learn[german](language)\
- Would you please tell which is one of the best [japnese](language)\
- How many do you know [telegu](language)\
- Which do you think is the most difficult language[bengali](language)\
- Which country is most speak[marathi](language)\
- Is it easy to learn[russian](language)\
- Which country/state native language is [italian](language)\
- How many people speak[chinese](language)\
- Why are so many diffrent[arabic](language)\
- How much time to spend actively learning[portuguese](language)\
- Tell somethings more about[mangolian](language)\
- Which platform is better to learn[tamil](language)\
- Can you please tell me more about  [korean](language)\
- Would you please tell me which country people speaks [urdu](language)\
- Which language people prefer other than[assamese](language)\
- How important it is to learning [odia](language)\
- Is it easy to understand[maithili](language)\
- Can you teach me [hindi](language)?\
- Would you help me learn [english](language)?\
- I need results in [punjabi](language)\
- I want to learn [spanish](language)\
- Tell me about [french](language).\
- Information on [gujrati](language).\
- Find [spanish](language)\
- Search [tamil](language)\
- Look for [sanskrit](language).\
- Lookup [marathi](language)\
- Assist me with [bhojpuri](language)\
- Aid with [latin](language).\
- Support [kannada](language)\
- Guide me with [malyalam](language).\
- Discover facts on [japanese](language)\
- Advice me on [korean](language)\
- Convert this in [italian](language).\
- Translate to [german](language).\
- Map this into [telugu](language)\
- Fill this form in [assamese](language).\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [achuar](language)\
- Please search[odiya](language)\
- how is [german](language)?\
- know more about [portuguese](language)\
- what is [urdu](language)?\
- is this a [Acholi](language)?\
- Is it translatable[telgu](language)?\
- how hard is[tamil](language)\
- is it spoken in india, [kannada](language)?\
- More about [tamil](language)\
- how about [bhojpuri](language)?\
- origin of [chinese](language)\
- who speaks[russian](language)?\
- Can you provide more information on [spanish](language)?\
- are u familiar with [french](language)\
- tell me more about [gujarati](language)\
- Better give me more info on [gujarati](language)\
- hi chatbot can you please tell me more about [odiya](language)\
- Find me more info on[Nyungar](language)\
- Help me with [Ogbia](language)\
- its hard to decipher[Phlong](language)?\
- is it Difficult to understand[tamil](language)?\
- details on [Ngombe](language)?\
- Hey, Tell me about [sanskrit](language)\
- I want to know about [sanskrit](language)\
- Can you please search [finnish](language)?\
- Need more info for [finnish](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Hey, Will you tell about [gujarati](language)\
- Tell me more about [basque](language)\
- Hola what do you know about [basque](language)?\
- Chepra Information you got on [silbogomero](language)?\
- Solra what is your knowledge on [silbogomero](language)?\
- Hey help me with [tamil](language)\
- I want help with [urdu](language)\
- can you look up on [urdu](language)\
- Are you trained on [telugu](language)\
- what do you know about [tamil](language)\
- What do you got on [telugu](language)\
- Heyda help me with [archi](language)\
- what information do you have on [korean](language)\
- do you know what [archi](language) is ?\
- [friulian](language), do you know what this mean ?\
- [friulian](language), what do you have on this ?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Tell me about [marathi](language)\
- Can you find out [mandarin](language)\
- Provide me info on [japanese](language)\
- I want to learn about [tamil](language)\
- Educate me on [sanskrit](language)\
- Teach me about [hindi](language)\
- Share deatils about [telugu](language)\
- I would like to learn about [bengali](language)\
- I can use your help with [spanish](language)\
- Could you gather info on [swahili](language)?\
- I'm curious about [kacchi](language)\
- Learn about [gujarati](language)\
- Do you have any info available on [urdu](language)?\
- Do you have in [persian](language) your database?\
- [korean](language) info please\
- What information do you have on [kannada](language)?\
- What can you tell me about [hindi](language)\
- Is [french](language) a language?\
- What is [german](language)?\
- Tell me more about [urdu](language)\
- Search [english](language)\
- Tell me something about the [bhojpuri](language) language\
- Give me information about [tamil](language)\
- Share your knowledge on the [spanish](language) language\
- Can you tell about [danish](language)?\
- Need some information for [arabic](language)\
- What do you know about [mandarin](language)?\
- Are you aware of [russian](language)?\
- Lookup [gujarati](language)\
- Details about [bengali](language)\
- Info on [indonesian](language)\
- I'd like to know about [sanskrit](language)\
- What can you tell me about [finnish](language)?\
- I'm interested in [persian](language)\
- I'm looking for some data on [sindhi](language)\
- Do you know what's [polish](language)?\
- Any idea about [portuguese](language)?\
- Please help me with [sinhala](language)\
- [hungarian](language)?\
- And [vietnamese](language)?\
- What about [malayalam](language)?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](french)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Tell me more about [japanese](language)\
- do you know about [latin](language)\
- Tell me more about [english](language)\
- what do you know about [tamil](language)\
- do you know about [telgu](language)\
- tell me about [mandarin](mandarin)\
- advice me on [bengali](bengali)\
- say on [portuguese](language)\
- do you have an idea about [russian](language)\
- give something on [lahnda](language)\
- what is [arabic](arabic)\
- on [marathi](marathi)\
- what on [korean](korean)\
- something on [vietnamese](vietnamese)\
- something about [tamil](tamil)\
- something interesting about [kannada](language)\
- what do you have on [odia](language)\
- do you know about this [sindhi](language)\
- search on [dutch](dutch)\
- resulta on [amharic](language)\
- Can you tell me about [Hindi](language)?\
- I want to know about [Spanish](language)\
- Give me info on [Bengali](language)\
- Search [Russian](language)\
- Tell me about [English](language)\
- Can you help me with understanding [Tamil](language)?\
- [Portugese](language) language\
- What is [Polish](language)\
- Need information on [Mandarin](language)\
- Help me with info on [Arabic](language)\
- Provide info on [French](language)\
- I need more information on [Japanese](language)\
- What is [Sinhala](language) language?\
- Teach me about the [Turkish](language) language\
- I need to learn about the [Urdu](language)\
- Do you know about the [German](language) language?\
- How much do you know about the [Punjabi](language)?\
- What info do you have on the [Marathi](language)?\
- Help me learn more about the [Sindhi](language)\
- Assist me with info on the [Odia](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Tell me about [english](language)?\
- What is this [english](language)?\
- Do you know about [chinese](language)?\
- What information do you have about [german](language)?\
- What is that [russian](language)?\
- Do you have information about [urdu](language)?\
- Please search for [marathi](language)?\
- Brief me about [telegu](language)?\
- Where is this [tamil](language) spoken?\
- Who speaks [punjabi](language)?\
- [kannada](language)?\
- What [language] you use?\
- Is [sindhi] a (language)?\
- In which region is [bangla](language) spoken?\
- How old is [dogri](language)?\
- Is [oriya](language) an official language of India?\
- Details of [sindhi](language)?\
- Do you know about the origin or history of [nepali](language)?\
- Is [bhojpuri](language) a dialect or a language?\
- Can you direct me to links to learn more about [manipuri](language)?\
- I would like to learn [malayalam](language)? Do you know any resources ?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Please search [chinese](language)\
- Find [french](language)\
- Info about [english](language)\
- Can you help me with [Telegu](language)\
- Do you know about [Tamil](language)\
- Any info about [Arabic](language)\
- Let me know about [Bengali](language)\
- What do you know about [Portuguese](language)\
- [Russian](language)\
- Please tell me about [Russian](language)\
- Can you find [Bengali](language)\
- About [Telegu](language)\
- Can u find [Japanese](language)\
- cn u find [Lahnda](language)\
- Tell me about [German](language)\
- Search [Italian](language)\
- Is [Turkish](language) in your directory?\
- [Dutch](language) search\
- lang [Swedish](language) search\
- [Polish](language) info\
- Please [Russian](language) fnd\
- [Swedish](language) more\
- Search up [Danish](language)\
- Bot look [Korean](language)\
- More on [Vietnamese](language)\
- do you know about [Javanese](language) or [Bhojpuri](language)\
- difference between [Gujarati](language) and [Kannada](language)\
- look [Burmese](language) or [Yoruba](language)\
- is [Danish](language) a language?\
- [Norwegian](language) more\
- Do people speak [Polish](language)?\
- Family of [Japanese](language)\
- iso code [Hindi](language)?\
- Genus of [German](language)\
- ISO and genus [Dutch](language)\
- [Italian](language) more\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Do you translate to [Japanese](language)?\
- Do you speak [German](language)?\
- How to enquire about [Portuguese](language)?\
- Explore [Urdu](language)?\
- Show [Russian](language)?\
- Interested in [English](language)?\
- Please convey in [Chinese](language)?\
- Express in [Arabic](language)?\
- Say something in [Bengali](language)?\
- Can you communicate in [Marathi](language)?\
- Have you learnt [Telugu](language)?\
- Pronounce in [Tamil](language)?\
- Can you write in [Punjabi](language)?\
- Can we talk in [Arabic](language)?\
- Do you understand [Korean](language)?\
- Share these thoughts [Odia](language)?\
- Let\'92s chat in [Assamese](language)\
- Sing to me in [Malayalam](language)\
- Could you tell [Burmese](language)?\
- Suggest in [Greek](language)\
- Display [Italian](language)\
- Help me with [Marathi](language)\
- I am really interested to know about [spanish](language)\
- Please search for [hindi](language)?\
- Share some info about [gujarati](language)\
- Checkout [french](language)\
- Do you know about people who speak [North Picene](language)?\
- Enlighten me about [North Picene](language)\
- What all do you know about [Etruscan](language)?\
- Is [Basque](language) a language?\
- Does [Sumerian](language) exist?\
- Do people still speak [Ainu](language)?\
- Where are the people who speak [Sicel](language)?\
- Pull out everything about [Vinca](language)\
- List down all the facts about [Hurrian](language)\
- Jot down things about [Elamite](language)\
- What is great about [Telugu](language)?\
- Is [Raetic](language) even a language?\
- Where do [lambadi](language) speaking people live?\
- Does [maarvadi](language) has a script?\
- Is [konkani](language) actually a language?\
- What should I know about [Seema Telugu](language)?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [german](language)\
- Lookup [gujarati](language)\
- How interesting is the language [french](language)?\
- tell me more about [assamese](language)\
- what is [telegu](language)?\
- get me some information on [japanese](language)\
- I want to learn about [bangla](language)\
- Can you tell me about [punjabi](language)?\
- fetch me info on [kannada](language)\
- What is the native language of Russia ?\
- what language is [oriya](language)\
- What is the origin of [Nepali](language)?\
- I wanted to know more about [sanskrit](language)\
- search [urdu](language)\
- get me info on [kashmiri](language)\
- Where is [mardarin](language) spoken?\
- How did [sanskrit](language) originate ?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- What is [telugu](language)?\
- Do you speak [urdu](language)?\
- Do you know [kannada](language)?\
- Tell me about [marathi](language)\
- Speak [chinese](language)\
- Give me information about [bengali](language)\
- [tamil](language)\
- Do you understand [german](language)\
- Can you translate words to [sanskrit](language) \
- Let's talk in [japanese](language)\
- What language do you speak?\
- Do you only handle [english](language)?\
- Read in [assamese](language)\
- Translate to [malyalam](language)\
- I don't know [arabic](language)\
- Which language is this?\
- Is it [indonesian](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Find [english](language)\
- Could you tell me about [chinese](language)?\
- What is [arabic](language)?\
- Do you know about [bengali](language)?\
- Can you find me [portugese](language)?\
- I need more information on [russian](language)\
- Tell me about [japanese](language)\
- Info on [marathi](language)\
- Details for [korean](language)\
- Information for [polish](language)\
- Search for [malayalam](language)\
- Look for [burmese](language)\
- Is there [thai](language)?\
- About [somali](language)\
- Find out about [malay](language)\
- Can you speak [zulu](language)?\
- Do you know [mandarin](language)?\
- Is there [cantonese](language)?\
- Does [urdu](language) exist?\
- Learn about [kannada](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Can you speak [Sunda](language)\
- Can you talk [Bengali](language)\
- I want to learn [Portuguese](language)\
- I dont understand [Russian](language)\
- what is that [Japanese](language)\
- How can we say that [Turkish](language)\
- How can i say [Hausa](language)\
- when to speak [Vietnamese](language)\
- How to speak [Javanese](language)\
- How to convey [Italian](language)\
- tell me about [Malayalam](language)\
- Do yoou know about [Odia](language)\
- I want to know about [Dutch](language)\
- I want to sing in [Nepali](language)\
- I wants to dance for [Kazakh](language)\
- I donot understand [Rundi](language)\
- How can i translate [Greek](language)\
- What is he speaking [Kinyarwanda](language)\
- who taught him [Arabic](language)\
- how to describe that [Ukrainian](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujarati](language)\
- Do you know about [marathi](language)\
- What is [japanese](language)?\
- Want to get information about [telugu](language)\
- Show me [tamil](language) details.\
- Tell me more about [punjabi](language)\
- [german](language) is?\
- Explain about [urdu](language)\
- Please extract info about [english](language)\
- Let me know [russian](language) language information.\
- Please help me with [sanskrit](language) info.\
- I need some help to find details about [hindi](language).\
- Will you please tell about [tamil](language)?\
- hey, I want you to look for [english](language) language details.\
- Do you have information about [telugu](language) language?\
- Give me details of [punjabi](language).\
- Try to find information of [japanese](language).\
- I am asking you to search for [french](language) language details.\
- [marathi](language) information?\
- Answer the details of [german](language).\
- Please do show me [spanish](language) language information.\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Look for [telugu](language)\
- Can you tell me about [konkani](language)?\
- I want to learn [english](language)\
- Want to learn about [marathi](language)\
- Tell me about [punjabi](language)\
- Search for [bengali](language)\
- Provide more info on [odia](language)\
- Information on [tamil](language)\
- Details on [assamese](language)\
- Insights on [maithili](language)\
- Know more about [kanadda](language)\
- Please provide more information on [bhojpuri](language)\
- Is [rajasthani](language) a famous spoken language?\
- Learn [tulu](language)\
- Practice [awadhi](language)\
- Share your thoughts on [pahari](language)\
- Want to learn about [kumauni](language)\
- Learn about [nimadi](language)\
- More details on [nagpuria](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Can you tell me about [Bengali](language)?\
- can you help me with [Marathi](language)?\
- can you please help in [Telugu](language)?\
- can you help in [spanish](language)?\
- can you help me out [German](language)?\
- do you know [Chinese](language)?\
- do you understand [Korean](language)?\
- find [spanish](language)?\
- find meaning [hindi](language)?\
- how good are you in [french](language)?\
- i need help in [Bengali](language)?\
- i don't know [Marathi](language)?\
- i could use some help in [Telugu](language)?\
- i need some assistance [German](language)?\
- i need your support [Chinese](language)?\
- i want to know more about [Korean](language)?\
- Help me in [hindi](language)?\
- help [french](language)?\
- would you mind helpping me in [Bengali](language)?\
- how to speak in [Marathi](language)?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Lookup [marathi](language)\
- Lookup [urdu](language)\
- Lookup [PORTUGUESE](language)\
- Lookup [LAHNDA](language)\
- how to speak [chinease](language)\
- how to speak [oriya](language)\
- how to speak [tamil](language)\
- how to speak [JAVANESE](language)\
- how to speak [german](language)\
- Need more info for [telgu](language)\
- Need more info for [malyalam](language)\
- Need more info for [mexican](language)\
- Need more info for [russian](language)\
- Need more info for [korean](language)\
- Can you please search [thai](language)?\
- Can you please search [japanese](language)?\
- Can you please search [french](language)?\
- Can you please search [bengali](language)?\
- Can you please search [arabic](language)?\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- Do you know about [chattisgarhi](language)?\
- Can you search for [chattisgarhi](language)?\
- Would you please tell me about [Oriya](language)?\
- How does [malyalam](language) sould like?\
- [Gondi] (language) is the language I want to know more about.\
- What do you know about [manipuri](language)?\
- You need to tell me about [mandarin chinese](language).\
- Give me information on [konkani](language).\
- Perform a search for the [santali](language) language.\
- I request for information on [marwadi](language).\
- Tell me whatever you know about [pashto](language)\
- Let's talk about [french](language).\
- Whatever could you tell me about [Gondi](language) ?\
- Tell me about [konkani](language).\
- Want info on [marwadi](language).\
- Is [malyalam](language) something that you could tell me more about?\
- May I have some information about [manipuri](language)?\
- May I request you to search for the [santali](language) language?\
- Would you perform a search for the [hindi](language) language\
- Can you perform a search for [gujrati](language) and get me details on the language?\
- Look up [Oriya](language) and fetch me some details please.\
- Throw light on [burmese](language) \
- Check out [Dakhini](language)?\
- Can you help me learn [russian](language)\
- Search for [gujarati](language)\
- I want to learn [german](language)\
- Please teach me [hawaiian](language)\
- Search for subtitles in [bengali](language)\
- Learn [hungarian](language)\
- Look up [japanese](language)\
- I need Information on [telugu](language)\
- Can you help me figure out [kashmiri](language)\
- Find out more about [korean](language)\
- Details on [malayalam](language)\
- Try [mongolian](language)\
- I want to learn [urdu](language)\
- Let's learn [vietnamese](language)\
- It would be great to learn [sanskrit](language)\
- Can I learn [nepali](language)\
- I want to discover about [maori](language)s\
- I want to know about [hindi](language)\
- Can you please search [spanish](language)?\
- Need more info for [french](language)\
- Lookup [gujrati](language)\
- I want to learn new [telugu](language) \
- Can you translate [tamil](language)?\
- How many alphabets in this [bengali](language)?\
- Number of [malayalam](language) speaking population in the world\
- How many languages [kannada](language) you can understand?\
- Country with highest number of [portugal](language) speaking people?\
- Play [catalan](language) song for me?\
- Can you understand [german](language)\
- Suggest me the best selling book in [german](language) language\
- Chat with me in [turkish](language)\
- Is it easy to learn [gujrati](language)?\
- Can you tell me the meaning of [french](language)?\
- suggest me a recent [gujrati](language) movie\
- Is it a requirement to know [spanish](language) to get a job?\
- Country with lowest number of [english](language) speaking people?\
- Are you familiar with [russian](language)?\
- Is [catalan](language) the oldest language?\
- Suggest me the most viewed [turkish](language) video song in youtube\
- Can i survive by knowing [spanish](language) in spain?\
- Why [french](language) is hard to learn?\
- I want to know about [Kashmiri](language)\
- I want to know about [Telegu](language)\
- Can you please search [Kashmiri](language)?\
- Can you please search [Telegu](language)?\
- Need more info for [Russian](language)\
- Need more info for [Bengali](language)\
- Lookup [Russian(language)\
- Lookup [Bengali](language)\
- Help me to know about [Portuguese](language)\
- Help me to know about [Urdu](language)\
- Search [Portuguese](language)\
- Search [Urdu](language)\
- Provide info [Japenese](language)\
- Provide info [Chinese](language)\
- What is [Japenese](language)\
- What is [Chinese](language)\
- Can you tell me [Arabic](language)\
- Can you tell me [German](language)\
- Explore [Arabic](language)\
- Explore [German](language)\
- Tell me about [Bengali](language)\
- Tell me about [Kashmiri](language)\
- Help me find about [Telegu](language)\
- Help me find about [Japenese](language)\
- Find [Portuguese](language)\
- Find [Chinese](language)\
- Details for [Russian](language)\
- Details for [Kannad](language)\
- Search more about [Bhojpuri](language)\
- Search more about [Punjabi](language)\
- I want to find out about [Chinese](language)\
- I want to find out about [Japenese](language)}